well howdy there internet people let's
bow again so tonight we're gonna talk
about something I am of two minds up
something I'm kind of conflicted on in a
way but not really that's why I haven't
done a video on it
because there are multiple parts to this
yet it's been boiled down in the media
to one thing make sure you watch this
video till the end because we're going
to talk about the Stone case Roger stone
okay so let me tell you how federal
sentencing is supposed to work there's a
chart there's points that's really how
it works there's a point system and
those sentencing guidelines put out by
the United States Sentencing Commission
you add up the number of points you go
over to the person's criminal history
and that gives you a guideline range in
months that's what prosecutors recommend
that's what judges sentence to almost
always going outside of that is very
very rare that is how it is supposed to
work under the current system
Roger stones guidelines because of
enhancements put him at roughly seven to
nine years I do not believe that
nonviolent offenders should be subjected
to lengthy periods of incarceration that
doesn't change just because I think the
guy's a goon his political stance has
nothing to do with that
I believe that nine years for lying to
Congress and telling other people to lie
to Congress it is unjust it's unfair in
a perfect world I don't even think
without the enhancements the guidelines
for him without the enhancements he'd be
looking at like three years in a perfect
world I think that's too much but we're
not living in a perfect world and at
least that would seem kind of just not
really to me but at least it makes sense
seven to nine years seems excessive now
the other side to this is that the
administration attempted to meddle in it
that's wrong had some people tell me
it's illegal I don't know that it is
it's definitely unethical but here's my
real issue and this is what I think we
should be talking about more so than
Stone himself in the president's tweet
he said that this was unfair he's right
it is nine years for that is is unfair
think about everything that's happened
to you and changed in your life since
that's how long he'd be gone that seems
a bit excessive and the president
realizes it's unfair but rather than
using the power of his administration to
attempt to change that the guidelines he
just wants to intervene for his buddy
that to me is more criminal than what
stone did in my eyes that is more of a
wrongdoing because it's an admission
that this is happening to other people
but we're not going to do anything to
fix it and it creates two sets of laws
those laws for people who are
politically connected and those for
everyone else if you look at the federal
sentencing guidelines you will see
decades-long sentences for nonviolent
victimless crimes it's unjust it is
unjust you know there is a problem when
somebody who is caught with a certain
substance picket who harmed no one gets
a longer sentence than someone who
committed the worst kind of violent
crime the sentencing guidelines need to
be amended
and that's what this should show that's
what we should use this to highlight
yeah you can talk about the corruption
and the administration that's fair game
but I don't think it's right to
cheerlead for a nine year sentence for a
non-violent crime simply because his
politics are garbage
there there's multiple issues at play
here and I think we need to address them
all instead of trying to just boil it
down to something we can get behind
because this can be used to highlight a
lot and hopefully fix a lot anyway it's
just a thought
y'all have a good night